
language：	
	exactly-once semantics  -- 精确一次执行语义[sɪˈmæntɪks]
	It can also be crucial[ˈkruːʃl] to pay attention to the order in which events occurred  --  同样重要的是要注意事件发生的顺序
	be able to reason about   -- 推断出
	Goals and Scope of this Training -- 训练的目标和范围
	while leaving out a lot of （ultimatly import）details -- 同时省略了许多细节
	ultimatly ： [ˈʌltɪmətli] 最终; 最后; 根本上; 终归; 最基本地;
	condensed view -- 简略视图
	parallelized view  -- 并行(度)视图
	parallelism -- 并行;平行;相似
	Programs in Flink are inherently parallel and distributed  -- Flink 程序本质上是分布式并行程序
	inherently -- 固有的
	parallel -- 并行的，平行的
	preserve the partitioning  -- 保留分区 
	ordering among the elements -- 元素之间的顺序
	there requirements for timely steam processing can be met by using event time timestamp that are recorded in the data stream ,rather than using 
		the clocks of the machines processing the data.
	Fault Tolerance via State Snapshots  -- 通过状态快照容错
	fraud detection model. -- 作弊检测模型
	given operator -- 给定算子
	sharded key-value store -- 碎片化按照key存储
	a parallelism of two across the first three operators  -- 其前三个算子的并行度为 2
	broadly cover -- 广泛覆盖 （充分覆盖）
	composite types -- 复合类型 [kəmˈpɑːzət]
	efficiently  [ɪˈfɪʃntly ]  有效地
	if you are curious to see how Flink works.  -- 如果好奇[ˈkjʊriəs] Flink 的工作原理
	having a solid understanding  -- 有扎实的理解
	luxury [ˈlʌkʃəri] of being able to have complete knowledge of the input   -- 完全了解输入是奢侈的
	eventually stop  -- 最终停止
	[take advantage[vt] of] having more complete knowledge of the input stream -- [利用]对输入流有更完整的了解
	You can either configure your watermarking aggressively  -- 你可以任意积极地（侵略性地）配置watermarking
	it is also prossible to implement hybrid [ˈhaɪbrɪd] solutions that produce initial [ɪˈnɪʃl] results quickly . --  也可以实施混合解决方案，先快速产生初步结果
	this is a good approach -- 这是个好方法
	lateness is defined relative to the watermarks  . -- 延迟是相对水印定义的
	a watermarks[t] asserts(断言，表示) that the stream is complete up through time t .  -- Watermark(t) 表示事件流的时间已经到达了t 
	any event following this watermark whose timestamp is ≤ t is late. --  watermark 之后的时间戳 ≤ t 的任何事件都被称之为延迟事件。
	time associated[əˈsoʊsieɪtɪd] with each event -- 事件相关的时间
	you will have to take care of this yourself -- 自己处理(照顾)
	generates watermarks on demand -- 需要生成watermarks
	The easiest way to do this is -- 最简单的方式是...
	Flink features very expressive window semantics. -- Flink 在窗口的场景处理上非常有表现力。
	principal[ˈprɪnsəpl] abstractions -- 主要的抽象
	Triggers/Evictors  -- 触发器/驱逐器
	notions of Triggers -- Triggers的概念
	not be done in parallel -- 不能并行处理
	flink has several built-in types of  window assigners  -- Flink 有一些内置的窗口分配器
	Tumbling [ˈtʌmblɪŋ] time windows -- 滚动时间窗口
	thumb[θʌm] 
	come in both  a and b flavors [ˈfleɪvərz]  -- 有a和b两种风味/特色
	but with the advantage[优势 n.] of lower latency. -- 但是有自己的优势，较低的延迟。
	keep in mind  -- 牢记
	that these windows will not fire until a batch is complete  -- 不会触发直到批次完成？
	A couple of things to note -- 需要注意的几点
	all of events assigns windows have to buffered in flink keyed state until window have trggiled . it is paently quite expensive 
	All of the events assigned to the window have to be buffered in keyed Flink state until the window is triggered.
	This is potentially quite expensive -- 这个可能(潜在)相当昂贵
	is being passed a Context object   -- ..被传递一个context对象
	if you want recording current window content ans use that when processing subsequent windows .				 -- 在处理后续窗口的时候，可能会用到当前窗口的信息。
	if you want to record something about the current window and use that when processing a subsequent windows.  -- 在处理当前窗口的时候，可能会用到上一个窗口的信息。
	Incremental Aggregation Example # incremental aggregation example -- 增量聚合示例 #
	you can arrange for the events that would be dropped to be collected to an alternate[候补] output steam instead  - 安排将要删除的事件收集到侧输出流中
	You can also specify an interval of allowed lateness during which the late events will continue to be assigned to the appropriate window(s) (whose state will have been retained).
	you can also specify[指定] an interval of allowed lateness during which the late events will continue to be assigned to the appropriate[合适] windows whose state will have been retained  --
			-- 可以指定允许的延迟(allowed lateness) 的间隔，在这个间隔时间内，延迟的事件将会继续分配给窗口（同时状态会被保留）
	Based on frequently asked questions  -- 基于频繁被问起的问题
	copy each event into every relevant[ˈreləvənt - 相关的] window -- 复制每个事件到每个相关的窗口中
	epoch  [ˈepək]  -- 时代,时期
	Aligned[使一致] to the Epoch -- 时期一致
	provided with a context object that can be used to interact with a TimerService  -- 提供了一个上下文对象，可用于与 TimerService 交互
	Collector that can be used to emit[iˈmɪt -- 发出/射出] results. -- 发出结果的 Collector
	fare events can arrive out of order  -- 票价事件（fare-event）可能会乱序到达
	previous hour -- 上个小时
	open simultaneously[ˌsaɪməlˈteɪniəsli]  -- 同时打开
	it makes it easy and efficient to lookup relevant information when timer fires . --  它使得在 Timer 触发时查找相关信息变得简单高效
	related entry  -- 相关条目
	accommodate[əˈkɑːmədeɪt] late events -- 通纳延迟事件
	This is the equivalent[ɪˈkwɪvələnt] of setting the allowedLateness to zero  -- 这相当于..
	optimized for RocksDB  -- RocksDB 优化
	correspond to the type  -- 一致的类型
	generic type  -- 通用的类型
	can be referenced -- 可以引用（参考）
	Alternatively -- 或者/要不
	contorted [kənˈtɔːrtɪd] -- 扭曲;使弯曲   
	Brenner was breathing hard, his face contorted with pain.
	expire -- 过期
	stale -- 不新鲜的；污浊，..
	expiring stale state -- 清理过期状态
	detect and clear any stale state. -- 检测和清理过期状态
	will be held in state forever.   -- 状态永远保持
	a sort of sharded, key/value store  -- 一种分片的键/值存储
	taskmanager responsible for that key -- 负责key的任务管理器
	transactional (or idempotent/aɪˈdempətənt/) -- 事务/幂等
	accesses and updates involve reading and writing objects on the heap -- 访问和更新涉及在堆上的读写
	is a significant benefit for applications with large amounts of slowly changing state.  -- 这对于具有大量变化缓慢状态的应用程序来说是大有裨益的。
	significant/sɪɡˈnɪfɪkənt/  -- 重要的, 有重大意义的;显著的,
	without impeding[ɪmˈpiːdɪŋ] the ongoing stream processing.  -- 不妨碍正在进行的流处理
	impeding[ɪmˈpiːdɪŋ] -- 阻碍 
	periodically  -- 定期地
	somewhere more durable -- 更持久的地方
	
VOA: 
appreciate how good life is   -- 欣赏感激生活（生活多么美好）
count your blessings -- 细数幸福
The united states observes this holiday on the forth thurday in November .  -- 美国在11月的第四个星期四庆祝这个节日
gratitude is a feeling of appreciation or thanks . -- 感激是一种欣赏或感谢的情感.
	gratitude  美[ˈɡrætɪtuːd]-- 感激
it is better to be grateful for our blessings than to take them for granted .  -- 要对幸福心存感激，而不是认为他们理所当天 。
when we take somethings for granted 	-- 当我们认为某件事理所当然
	grant 授予;统一 
	fortune 美[ˈfɔːrtʃən]  财富/好运
The crowd observed a minute's silence in memory  -- 默哀1mins
Celebrate 庆祝、 Observe 遵守。  -- 后者代表庆祝，引申为遵守某种节日规则
lets take a step back  -- 让我们回想一下
traditional marriage custom involves a blessing -- 传统的婚礼习俗包括（涉及）祝福。
when we want to show our recognition of all the little things that prove helpful . -- 对于能帮助到我们的小事情，我们想表达认可时。
lets say a friend of yours is angry about a flat tire on his car  -- 假设你的一个朋友因车爆胎而生气。
easy to recognize -- 统一识别
mixed blessing   -- 喜忧参半
A blessing in disguise -- 因祸得福
A secret agent might wear a disguise to hide her identity -- 一个秘密特工可能通过伪装隐藏她的身份。
A bottle of perfume might disguise an unpleasant smell  . -- 一瓶香水可以掩盖难闻的气味。
pleasant [ˈpleznt]  -- 令人愉快的
perfume [pərˈfjuːm] -- 香水

great minds think alike -- 英雄所见略同
birds of a feather -- 同类的人

visitors will soon BE able to SEE A LONG-hidDe space inside the medici Chapel in the italian city of Florence .   -- 游客们很快就能看到意大利佛罗伦萨美第奇-教堂内一个隐藏已久的空间。
-- Chapel 小教堂
The walls of the small space contain drawings that some experts believe may have been created by the famous artist Michelangelo . --狭小的空间有一些画作..
officials discovered the room in 1975 when searching for a way to make a new exit from Medici Chapel . -- 1975年，官员们在寻找美第奇教堂的新出口时发现了这个房间。
The museum's  then-director xxx  strongly believed that the drawings were by Michelangelo. -- 当时的博物馆长坚信这些画是米开朗基罗的作品
were -- be的过去时复数
A debate over the issue began then and continues to this day , -- 关于这个问题的争论，从那时开始持续到今天。
	-- discover this in fifty year age , the experts not believed he create this drawings .
he suggested that experts of Michelangelo’s drawings did not believe he created the works at the time of their discovery 50 years age .  -- 他表示，在50年前发现这个作品时，研究xx的专家不相信他创作了这些作品
others had a more moderate view  . -- 其他人的观点更加温和
in the sense they thought that some could be by A 。 -- 某种意义上，他们任务一些来自于A
the room was used to store coal until 1955 . --  储存煤直到1955 。
Then it was closed and forgotten for years below a special kind of opening known as a trapdoor . -- 它被关闭并遗忘多年，在一种特殊的开口下方（即活板门）
The trapdoor was hidden beneath furniture . -- 活板门藏在家具下面。
The drawings themselves were discoved under two layers of plaster - a substance used to make walls and ceilings smooth . -- 画作本身是被两层灰泥覆盖，灰泥是一种是墙壁和天花板光滑的物质。
A believed B hid in a space to escape [ɪˈskeɪp]  the anger of C 。-- A认为B躲在这个房间是为了逃避C的愤怒。
The artist has supported a short-lived republic that overthrew the A . -- 这个艺术家曾支持过一个推翻A的短命共和国。
the artist drew for some of his projects . -- 艺术家为他的项目画画
include drawings believed to be the legs of A . -- 其中包括被认为是A腿的画作
reduce exposure of the artworks to light . -- 减少艺术品暴露在光线下的时间。
starting on November 15 , -- 从11月15日开始
small groups of four people 
Visitors will have to pay an additional $20 on top of the $10 charged for entry to the main museum . -- 在主博物馆10美元入场费之外，还需支付20美元。


China launched its youngest-ever crew for its orbiting space station Thursday.
orbiting  -- 沿着...轨道运行  、  orbit --轨道 n. v. 沿着...轨道
the launch is part of the country's plan to put astronauts on the moon before 2030 .
XX lifted off from the JiuQuan satellite launch center in northweastern China at 03:14 UTC. 
satellite  [ˈsætəlaɪt] -- 人造卫星 
lifted off -- 起飞
state media China dayily -- 官媒中国日报
manned space craft/agency -- 载人航天 飞机/局
the average age of the three-member crew  is the youngest since the launch of the space station  . 
they will replace crew that has been on the station for six months . -- 他们将替换已经在孔间距工作了6个月的航天组成员。
the new crew will perform experiments in space medicine,space technology ,and other areas during their mession . -- 新的航天组将在任务期间进行空间医学,技术，其他领域的实验。
And they will help to place and do possible repairs to equipment inside and outside the station, the agency said .-- 该机构表示，他们将帮助安放和维修空间站内外的设备。
China has plans to place astronauts on the moon before the end of 2023 in competition with UAS in space exploration . -- 中国计划在2023年底将宇航员送到月球上，与美国在太空探索展开竞争。
this follows other competition for influence between the world's two largest economies  in the technology ,military,and diplomatic fields . -- 此前，世界上2大经济体在技术，军事，外交展开了影响力竞争。
earlier on wednesday ,the chinese space agency announced plans to send a new telescope to look deep into the universe. -- 周三早些时候，中国航天局宣布计划发射一架新的望远镜来观测宇宙深处
CCTV said the telescope would permit for mapping of sky. but no timeline was given for when it would be placed   . --  没有给出具体的发射时间表。
built its own space station after it was not permitted to join the u.s -led international space station  . 
China's first manned space mission in 2003 made it the third country after the former soviet Union and the u.s to put a  person into space using its own resources.  -- 成为继苏联和美国之后第三个利用本国资源将人送入太空的国家。
is believed to be far ahead of china  -- 被认为远远领先中国。
China has made some important steps . 
bringing  back samples from the moon's surface for the first time in many years .  -- 多年来首次带回月球样本 
and landing a vehicle on the less explored far side of the moon .  -- 在月球背面较少被探索的地方着陆。
meanwhile ,aims to put astronauts back to the moon's surface by the end of 2025 . -- 与此同时，美国的目标是2025年底前让宇航员从新登月。
it is aided by private American companies ,  -- 这得到美国私营企业的支持。
aided v.援助;帮助; adj.辅助的；[自]半自动的
two countries have also separately landed vehicle on mars . -- 分别在火星上着陆
separately  [ˈseprətli] adv. 分别地;单独地;
china plans to follow the u.s in landing a spacecraft on an asteroid .-- 中国计划效仿美国，让宇宙飞船在小行星着陆。
asteroid [ˈæstərɔɪd]  -- n.小行星;
lunar program -- 月球计划   lunar -- 月球的。


